Sub: add buttons page (#6857)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: sub/source/docs/buttons.rst

.. _buttons:

====================
Button Inputs in Sub
====================

> Unlike other vehicles, Sub has its own specialized button functionality. Other vehicles include hardware buttons as described in the  :ref:`common-buttons` hardware section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike other vehicles, Sub has its own specialized button functionality. Other vehicles include hardware buttons as described in the :ref:`common-buttons` hardware section.
```

> Instead, Sub uses "joystick" buttons associated with the GCS or GCS attached Joystick. The GCS sends the button activation events in the MAVLink `MANUAL CONTROL <https://mavlink.io/en/messages/common.html#MANUAL_CONTROL>`__ messages which includes axis commands and button states.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, Sub uses "joystick" buttons associated with the GCS or GCS attached Joystick. The GCS sends the button activation events in frequent MAVLink `MANUAL CONTROL <https://mavlink.io/en/messages/common.html#MANUAL_CONTROL>`__ messages, which include both motion-axis commands and button states.
```
